README.md, before:

# Improved version of Fred Jehle's Conjugated Spanish Verb Database

JSON databases of 600+ conjugated Spanish verbs forming 11,000+ combinations of moods and tenses. Original work by Fred Jehle and database orignally compiled by @ghidinelli. 

This repository is a total convertsion into JSON format. It also fixes plenty of issues and adds some additional information from the original source. Also contains one file per verb.

The database is currently provided in JSON format only. I wouldn't be against an automated tool to convert it to different formats.

The original database has been incorporated into a number of tools including:

 * Conjug - a free practice tool by @dcomtois is online - http://es.conjug.com
 * es-api - a free web API for accessing the database by @lwm - https://github.com/lwm/es-api
 * conjugarden by @hghwng - https://github.com/hghwng/conjugarden
 * grammar-cards by @twcamper - https://github.com/twcamper/grammar-cards

Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.

Commit message:

more work on the NPM package

README.md, after:

# Improved version of Fred Jehle's Conjugated Spanish Verb Database

JSON databases of 600+ conjugated Spanish verbs forming 11,000+ combinations of moods and tenses. Original work by Fred Jehle and the database orignally compiled by @ghidinelli. 

This repository is a total convertsion into JSON format. It also fixes plenty of issues and adds some additional information from the original source.

There are multiple ways to use the data
    * clone this repo and do something with JSON files directly. 
    * use the npm package

The original database has been incorporated into a number of tools including:

 * Conjug - a free practice tool by @dcomtois is online - http://es.conjug.com
 * es-api - a free web API for accessing the database by @lwm - https://github.com/lwm/es-api
 * conjugarden by @hghwng - https://github.com/hghwng/conjugarden
 * grammar-cards by @twcamper - https://github.com/twcamper/grammar-cards

Licensed under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License.

## the JSON

[See yourself](https://github.com/miko3k/verbos/blob/master/verbs/compartir.json), the format is self-explanatory.

## The npm package

First step is to grab the package
```
npm i verbos
```

Second step involves usign the pacakge

```
import { Verbo, verbos, compartir } from "verbos";

// get list
console.log(verbos())

// get one verb
console.log(compartir.infinitivo)
```

The list will be ordered by [importance](https://en.wiktionary.org/w/index.php?title=User:Matthias_Buchmeier). The package also includes proper typing for Typescript. Note that all javascript for the package is generated from the JSON files as well.
